Project Three: Chada Tech's "Corner Grocer"

  The mission of Chada Tech's Corner Grocer was to create a program that allows the user to search for specific items that were sold throughout the day at the store. The program had to contain four different menu options; the first option returning a numeric value of the searched item, the second option returning the searched item along with its numeric value, the third option replacing the numeric value with a historgram, and the fourth option being able to quit the program.

  For the project, I wanted to make sure it would be easy to understand, even to beginners of C++, thus I constructed the project out of IF-ELSE and WHILE loops. The IF-ELSE loops were predominantly used for menu selection, whereas the WHILE loops were used to keep the program running, as long as the user hadn't pressed the quit key. More details on which loop did what can be found in the project. I find that the work I did for the loops went well, and sometimes repetitive, as I only had to make minor changes to fit the condition of the project, however my biggest challenge occured when creating the "frequency.dat" file. The purpose of this was to create a self-titled backup file that stored the search entries that the user created, along with each entries number of appearances in the input file. Essentially, "frequency.dat" is menu option two, but with every entry compiled into one list.

  My biggest challenge throughout this project was being able to write the code that creates and displays "frequency.dat" within the main file. There were times when I would only be able to search for one entry before the main program would close and the frequncy file would open. I went through many stages of trial and error before I found the perfect placement that accomplished everything I wanted. In it's entirety I find the code to be the best at fulfilling all project requirements, and completing aspects I wanted to include in the program as well. However, I have not yet mastered C++ and I feel like in this project, I could have made it shorter and easier to read by creating a function that I could call during each loop, rather than having menu option loops that would be too similar.

  This project helped me learn more in-depth about opening files and getting hands on experience with something I personally created, and will vastly improve my skills in my career. I can use this skill for my future company, or my own personal projects.
